feat(curriculum):add tasks for ES curriculum A2 Block 2 (#60768)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/26-a2-professional-spanish/get-to-know-others-by-asking-simple-questions/6840d16190d00cd17ecedcda.md

---
id: 6840d16190d00cd17ecedcda
title: Task 5
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-5
---

<!-- (Audio) Marisol: Hola Mateo, estoy bien, gracias. Un poco cansada. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Marisol: Hola Mateo, BLANK BLANK, gracias. Un BLANK BLANK.`

## --blanks--

`estoy`

### --feedback--

This verb means "I am" and is the first person singular form of `estar`.

---

`bien`

### --feedback--

This word means "well" and is used to describe how someone is feeling.

---

`poco`

### --feedback--

This word means "a little" and is used to indicate a small amount.

---

`cansada`

### --feedback--

This word means "tired" in feminine form, matching Marisol.

# --explanation--

`estoy` This is the first person of the verb `estar`, meaning "I am." It's used for temporary conditions. Example:

`Estoy feliz` – "I am happy."

`bien` This means "well" or "fine" and is commonly used to describe someone's condition. Example:

> `Estoy bien` – "I'm fine."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Estoy bien` – I'm fine.
```

> `poco` Means "a little." It indicates a small quantity or intensity. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`poco` means "a little." It indicates a small quantity or intensity. For example:
```

> `Un poco nervioso` – "A little nervous."

Reviewer: The corresponding sentence `Hola Mateo, estoy bien, gracias. Un poco cansada.` does not mention the word `nervous`. I would suggest removing this.

> `cansada` This means “tired” and is the feminine form of `cansado`. Adjectives in Spanish must match the gender. Since Marisol is a woman, she uses `cansada`. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cansada` means "tired". Adjectives must match the gender. Since Marisol is a woman, she uses the feminine form for the adjective `cansado`, which is `cansada`. For example:
```

> `Estoy cansada` – "I am tired" (female speaker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Estoy cansada` – Feminine form of "I am tired".
```
